Add quadbin module for Snowflake (#258)
CartoDB/analytics-toolbox-core: modules/quadbin/snowflake/doc/_INTRO.md

> ## quadbin
> 
> <div class="badges"><div class="core"></div></div>
> 
> TODO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## quadbin

<div class="badges"><div class="core"></div></div>

You can learn more about quadbins in the [Overview section](/analytics-toolbox-snowflake/overview/spatial-indexes/#quadbin) of the documentation.
```
